serves all boys and well found with
a new text so today I am here for
introduce you to a beautiful plow here it is
we are with novi up and come out 200
at the moment I must say that it is really done
well
beautiful textures really nice and even a
good dirt workshop on how much one is
dirty even in a fairly short time
and has some good animations
when it will be known and unlike the
other plows than when I supported it
and not everything goes under but goes under when
I started moving forward and then
point is getting closer to reality
then as you can see on various tickets
and various things like precisely are in the
reality and then the first disappear
wash
then I must say exactly how you see also
here loyal are really 20 csto laughs
with some black which is similar to the
gray that looks a bit like saying the
color that sends you whose the fact that
yes it is consumed no i see very well i
bolts the middle brackets are made
really very well it is a little pesantino
the fender also struggles and therefore I would have
need a little more ballast
decent and for the rest I must say that it goes
more than good it was a plow from outside the furrow
therefore also a little more difficult to
it seems to me to pull even in this way
actually we have clever keys
the usual y button for monster machine
here you see I know practically going away
FIA in a lever 9 and let Giave
lose as aaron crow and I do you
just seeing my name is interested
show you how the other works
than to show what the field will be like then
with aics and of course it
unfolded we have the two wheels that between
the other is still running from before that
I have tried anti more anti bearings
try everything we lower you see that
it remains a little out, however, in cells
will see it goes under everything and look at that
beautiful animation that makes us own of
this land just that and dinner
however then we say nature also goes
well once you've been brought
problem is that being just beautiful
heavy
you need a nice ballast what it is from 2500
but not enough green
three thousand also noticed one thing because the
wheels on the ground you see when turned by
sma
said then turned on let me see that
when you were dancing a little up and down like
precisely even in the reality giorgio arti
of alatri does not seem to have seen
this animation is precisely
I repeat don't look at the management like a
Rome
look more than anything else at the plow no
it is said that from time to time purchases
are affected so I have to say that everything
as a reality that always continue to
move
as you can see the theory is already already
starting to get dirty is already there
actually starting to let off steam
on the other hand very dirty
immediately contact with the earth therefore must
even get dirty practically
we also have a good animation of the
wheels that wheels on a belly
stylized I have to say they are made
really good
but then also say
his tractor while not after
it moves more
however here is this and this
wife you see that you are already getting dirty
Then you should still get dirty more
Japan
over time it always gets dirty with
more
really done well beautiful e
also many things well usable too
you see that beautiful structure then asks
they have also made seas like this
textured bolts screws screws for
fattened king I really did
I would say anything for that too
test way is all obviously not there from
say then who knows who knows what here
but in short, I wanted to introduce you to him a little
Obviously the video will come out much
after we say with respect to the exit of the
in short, fashion itself is this
what can I do for now as long as I'm away
I keep aside the videos just fine
I would say that even for this video everything
I recommend you comment on leaving a nice one
like and if you are not registered, sign up
to stay up to date on new tests
mode test map and new ideas as per
example was the miniseries with the
trees that unfortunately for a problem
all to finish
and also for other little things that to which
we are working that we still say
no one has done so it will come out soon
a video presentation of this
our mega idea veins hi everyone
next